Mr. Barack H. Obama II (born August 4, 1961) is the 44th and current President of the United States, and the first African American to hold the office. Born in Honolulu, Hawaii, He is a graduate of Columbia University and Harvard Law School, where he served as president of the Harvard Law Review. He was a community organizer in Chicago before earning his law degree. He worked as a civil rights attorney and taught constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School from 1992 to 2004. He served three terms representing the 13th District in the Illinois Senate from 1997 to 2004. Mr. Akash K. Patel is in Concordia University. 

Dr. Valery Fabrikant was a mechanical engineering associate professor who had worked at Concordia University for 13 years. He had begun as a technician, and long demonstrated disruptive behaviour against students, staff members and other academics, described as ranging from "undesirable to intolerable", which the university had struggled to deal with. In addition he had presented academic challenges in teaching and supervision. As early as 1989, he had begun to talk about shootings as a way to solve problems.[1]

Dr. Eric S. Maskin (born December 12, 1950) is a North American economist and 2007 Nobel laureate recognized with several prices. "for having laid the foundations of mechanism design theory".[1] He is the Adams University Professor at Harvard University. Until 2011, he was the Albert O. Hirschman Professor of Social Science at the Institute for Advanced Study, and a visiting lecturer with the rank of Professor at Princeton University.[2]

Gregory Dudek is a professor of computer science at Mcgill University , was the Director of the McGill Center for Intelligent Machines from 2004 to 2007, and is the current Director of the McGill University School of Computer Science. The son of poet Louis Dudek, he was made a Dawson Scholar of that university (an honorary title) and directs the mobile robotics laboratory there. He was awarded a James McGill chair in 2008. According to his biography, he has written over 150 refereed articles on computer vision and robotics as of 2005, and is co-author (with Michael Jenkin) of the book Computational Principles of Mobile Robotics which is used to teach robotics at a number of universities

Dr. Vaclav V. Chvatal is a professor in the Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada, where he holds the Canada Research Chair in Combinatorial Optimization. He has published extensively on topics in graph theory, combinatorics, and combinatorial optimization.Chvátal was born in Prague in 1946 and educated in mathematics at Charles University in Prague,[1] where he studied under the supervision of Zdenek Hedrlín. He completed his Ph.D. in Mathematics at the University of Waterloo

Carlisle M. Adams is a cryptographer and computer security researcher. Formerly senior cryptographer at Entrust, he is currently a professor at the University of Ottawa. His notable work includes the design (with Stafford Tavares) of the block ciphers CAST-128 and CAST-256, whose S-boxes are based on the non-linear properties of bent functions. He also helped organize the first Selected Areas in Cryptography (SAC) workshop in 1994. He is also the security advisor of the Ottawa-based electronic signature company Signority.

Donald Wilfrid Kao Andrews (born 1955) is a Canadian economist. He is the Tjalling Koopmans Professor of Economics at the Cowles Foundation, Yale University. Born in Vancouver, he received his BA. in 1977 at the University of British Columbia, his MA. in 1980 in statistics at the University of California, Berkeley, and his Ph.D. in economics in 1982 also from the University of California, Berkeley.

George Walker Bush (born July 6, 1946) is an American politician and businessman who served as the 43rd President of the United States of America from 2001 to 2009[4] and the 46th Governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000. He was born in New Haven, Connecticut. After graduating from Yale University in 1968 and Harvard Business School in 1975, Bush worked in oil businesses. He married Laura Welch in 1977 and ran unsuccessfully for the House of Representatives shortly thereafter. He later co-owned the Texas Rangers baseball team before defeating Ann Richards in the 1994 Texas gubernatorial election. Bush was elected president in 2000 after a close and controversial election, becoming the fourth president to be elected while receiving fewer popular votes nationwide than his opponent.[5] Bush is the second president to have been the son of a former president, the first being John Quincy Adams (with the other familial presidential relations being grandfather-grandson of the Harrisons, as well as the Roosevelts being 5th cousins).[6] He is also the brother of Jeb Bush, former Governor of Florida.
